Add interactive schema viewer references to migration documentation (#12558)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _migration-assistant/workflow-cli/getting-started.md

The minimum required fields for a backfill-only migration are `sourceClusters` (with `version` and `snapshotInfo`), `targetClusters` (with `endpoint`), and `snapshotMigrationConfigs` (with `fromSource`, `toTarget`, and `perSnapshotConfig`).
{: .note }

> For a complete reference of all available fields, their types, defaults, and descriptions, see the [Migration Assistant Schema Viewer](https://opensearch-project.github.io/opensearch-migrations/). For complete configuration examples, see the [Playbooks]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migration-assistant/playbooks/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an interactive reference of all available fields, their types, defaults, and descriptions, see the [Migration Assistant Schema Viewer](https://opensearch-project.github.io/opensearch-migrations/). For complete configuration examples, see the [Playbooks]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migration-assistant/playbooks/).
```
